updates in mediapipe docs (#2166)
openvinotoolkit/model_server: docs/mediapipe_conversion.md

> # How to deploy existing graphs from MediaPipe framework with OpenVINO inference calculator {#ovms_docs_mediapipe_conversion}

Reviewer: It was supposed to be manual how to convert from native MP graphs to execution using OVMS.

In this document we will walkthrough steps required to use OVMS with Mediapipe for existing calculators using Tensorflow/TfLite for inference.

> ## How to get models used in MediaPipe demos

Reviewer: In this step we show how to get models not create repository. We show that in the next paragraph.

That way you can take advantage of the model versioning feature and store the models on the local or the cloud storage. The OpenVINO calculator is using as a parameter the path to the [config.json](https://docs.openvino.ai/2023.2/ovms_docs_serving_model.html#serving-multiple-models) file with models configuration with the specific model name.
To get the model used in MediaPipe demo you can either trigger build target that depends upon that model and then search in bazel cache or download directly from locations below.
* https://storage.googleapis.com/mediapipe-models/
* https://storage.googleapis.com/mediapipe-assets/

## How to prepare OpenVINO Model Server deployment with Mediapipe
We must prepare OVMS configuration files and models repository. There are two ways that would have different benefits:
1. First one would be better if you want to have just one model server service containing all servables. This may be especially useful if you will reuse models between several pipelines in the same deployment. In this case servables directory structure would look like:
```
servables/
├── config.json
├── add_two_inputs_model
│   └── 1
│       ├── add.bin
│       └── add.xml

> ├── dummy

Reviewer: Unless we are planning to rename our dummy model in OVMS repository or make this unrelated to existing models I disagree.

│   └── 1
│       ├── dummy.bin
│       └── dummy.xml
└── dummyAdd
    └── graph.pbtxt
```
And the config.json:
```
{
  "model_config_list": [
    {
      "config": {
        "name": "dummy",
        "base_path": "dummy"
      }
    },
    {
      "config": {
        "name": "add",
        "base_path": "add_two_inputs_model"
      }
    }
  ]
  "mediapipe_config_list": [
    {
      "name":"dummyAdd"
    }
  ]
}
```
2. Second would be better if you would have several services each containing separate mediapipe. This way can make for easier updates to the deployments and keep mediapipes configurations self-contained. In this case you would prepare directories as shown below
```
servables/
├── config.json

> └── dummyAdd

Reviewer: ```suggestion
└── dummyAddGraph
```

    ├── add_two_inputs_model
    │   └── 1
    │       ├── add.bin
    │       └── add.xml
    ├── dummy
    │   └── 1
    │       ├── dummy.bin
    │       └── dummy.xml
    ├── graph.pbtxt
    └── subconfig.json
```
and config.json:
```
{
  "model_config_list": [],
  "mediapipe_config_list": [
    {
      "name":"dummyAdd"
    }
  ]
}
```
and the subconfig.json:
```
{
  "model_config_list": [
    {
      "config": {
        "name": "dummy",
        "base_path": "dummy"
      }
    },
    {
      "config": {
        "name": "add",
        "base_path": "add_two_inputs_model"
      }
    }
  ]
}
```
In both cases `servables` directory will be mounted to OVMS container. You can find more details about OVMS configuration in [documentation](https://docs.openvino.ai/2023.1/ovms_docs_serving_model.html#serving-multiple-models).

> *Note*: base paths in config.json are relative to the file path of config.json.

Reviewer: Note what we achieved here.

## How to adjust existing graphs to perform inference with OpenVINO Model Server
Below are presented steps to adjust existing graph using TensorFlow or TensorFlowLite calculators to use OpenVINO as the inference engine. That way the inference execution can be optimized while preserving the overall graph structure.

> ### 1. Identify all used subgraphs with inference calculators. This steps is not needed if there are no subgraphs.

Reviewer: If you first find all subgraphs then the next step doesn't need to be repeated. You tracked down all pbtxt files that need to be changed.

Let's assume we start with graph like [this](https://github.com/google/mediapipe/blob/v0.10.3/mediapipe/graphs/holistic_tracking/holistic_tracking_cpu.pbtxt).
We can't find direct usage of inference calculators in this graph and that is because it is using `subgraph` concept from MediaPipe framework. It allows you to register existing graph as a single calculator. We must search for such nodes in graph and find out each subgraph that is directly using inference calculators. We can grep the MediaPipe code for:
```
grep -R -n "register_as = \"HolisticLandmarkCpu"
```

> We will find that in using bazel `mediapipe_simple_subgraph` function another `pbtxt` file was registered as a graph. Since in that file there is no inference calculator we need to repeat the procedure until we find all inference calculators used directly or indirectly using subgraphs.

Reviewer: You then proceed to step 2

# How to update existing graphs from MediaPipe framework to use OpenVINO for inference {#ovms_docs_mediapipe_conversion}
In this document we will walkthrough steps required to update existing Mediapipe graphs using Tensorflow/TfLite to make them use OpenVINO Model Server for inference. We will get models, prepare configuration of OVMS and make changes to exisiting pbtxt files to reuse MediaPipe graph with OpenVINO as inference engine.

## How to get models used in MediaPipe solutions

> When you build mediapipe applications or solutions, typically the bazel configuration would download the needed models as a dependency. When the graph is to be deployed via the OpenVINO Model Server or when the mediapipe application would use OpenVINO Model Server as the inference executor, the models needs to be stored in the [models repository](https://docs.openvino.ai/2023.2/ovms_docs_models_repository.html).

Author: ```suggestion
When you build MediaPipe applications or solutions from the [https://github.com/google/mediapipe](https://github.com/google/mediapipe) repo, typically the bazel build would download the needed models as a data dependency. When the graph is to be deployed with OpenVINO Inference calulators, the models needs to be stored in the [models repository](https://docs.openvino.ai/2023.2/ovms_docs_models_repository.html). 
```

Reviewer 2: Shall we commit this before merge?

That way you can take advantage of the model versioning feature and store the models on the local or the cloud storage. The OpenVINO calculator is using as a parameter the path to the [config.json](https://docs.openvino.ai/2023.2/ovms_docs_serving_model.html#serving-multiple-models) file with models configuration with the specific model name.

> To get the model used in MediaPipe demo you can either trigger build target that depends upon that model and then search in bazel cache or download directly from locations below.

Author: ```suggestion
To get the model used in MediaPipe demo you can either trigger the original build target that depends upon that model and then search in bazel cache or download directly from locations below.
```

* https://storage.googleapis.com/mediapipe-models/
* https://storage.googleapis.com/mediapipe-assets/

## How to prepare the configuration for the OpenVINO Model Server
We must prepare OVMS [configuration files](starting_server.md) and [models repository](models_repository.md). There are two ways that would have different benefits:

> 1. First one would be better if you want to have just one model server service containing all servables. This may be especially useful if you will reuse models between several pipelines in the same deployment. In this case servables directory structure would look like:

Author: ```suggestion
1. First one is recommended if you reuse models between several pipelines in the same deployment. In this case servables directory structure would look like:
```

    {
      "config": {
        "name": "dummy",
        "base_path": "dummy"
      }
    },
    {
      "config": {
        "name": "add",
        "base_path": "add_two_inputs_model"
      }
    }
  ]
  "mediapipe_config_list": [
    {
      "name":"dummyAdd"
    }
  ]
}
```
2. Second would be better if you would have several services each containing separate mediapipe. This way can make for easier updates to the deployments and keep mediapipes configurations self-contained. In this case you would prepare directories as shown below
```
servables/
├── config.json
└── dummyAddGraph
    ├── add_two_inputs_model
    │   └── 1
    │       ├── add.bin
    │       └── add.xml
    ├── dummy
    │   └── 1
    │       ├── dummy.bin
    │       └── dummy.xml
    ├── graph.pbtxt
    └── subconfig.json
```
and config.json:
```
{
  "model_config_list": [],
  "mediapipe_config_list": [
    {
      "name":"dummyAddGraph"
    }
  ]
}
```
and the subconfig.json:
```
{
  "model_config_list": [
    {
      "config": {
        "name": "dummy",
        "base_path": "dummy"
      }
    },
    {
      "config": {
        "name": "add",
        "base_path": "add_two_inputs_model"
      }
    }
  ]
}
```

> In both cases `servables` directory will be mounted to OVMS container. You can find more details about OVMS configuration in [documentation](https://docs.openvino.ai/2023.1/ovms_docs_serving_model.html#serving-multiple-models).

Author: ```suggestion
You can find more details about OpenVINO Model Server configuration in [documentation](https://docs.openvino.ai/2023.1/ovms_docs_serving_model.html#serving-multiple-models).
```

*Note*: base paths in config.json are relative to the file path of config.json.

Now we have configuration for OpenVINO Model Server.

## How to adjust existing graphs to perform inference with OpenVINO Model Server

Below are presented steps to adjust existing graph using TensorFlow or TensorFlowLite calculators to use OpenVINO as the inference engine. That way the inference execution can be optimized while preserving the overall graph structure.

> ### 1. Identify all used subgraphs with inference calculators.

Author: ```suggestion
### 1. Identify all used subgraphs with inference calculators.
```
```suggestion
### 1. Identify all inference calculators used in nested subgraphs.
```

This steps is not needed if there are no subgraphs. Let's assume we start with graph like [this](https://github.com/google/mediapipe/blob/v0.10.3/mediapipe/graphs/holistic_tracking/holistic_tracking_cpu.pbtxt).
We cannot find direct usage of inference calculators in this graph and that is because it is using `subgraph` concept from MediaPipe framework. It allows you to register existing graph as a single calculator. We must search for such nodes in graph and find out each subgraph that is directly using inference calculators. We can grep the MediaPipe code for:
```
grep -R -n "register_as = \"HolisticLandmarkCpu"
```
We will find that in using bazel `mediapipe_simple_subgraph` function another `pbtxt` file was registered as a graph. Since in that file there is no inference calculator we need to repeat the procedure until we find all inference calculators used directly or indirectly using subgraphs.

After performing those steps we have a list of pbtxt files with inference nodes that need adjustements.

### 2. Replacement of inference calculators in graph and subgraphs

> 

Author: > **Note** This needs to be repeated for every inference calculator used directly in the graph or from a subgraph.

```
node {
  calculator: "OpenVINOModelServerSessionCalculator"
  output_side_packet: "SESSION:session"
  node_options: {
    [type.googleapis.com / mediapipe.OpenVINOModelServerSessionCalculatorOptions]: {
      servable_name: "hand_recrop"
      servable_version: "1"
    }
  }
}
node {
  calculator: "OpenVINOInferenceCalculator"
  input_side_packet: "SESSION:session"
  input_stream: "TENSORS:initial_crop_tensor"
  output_stream: "TENSORS:landmark_tensors"
  node_options: {
    [type.googleapis.com / mediapipe.OpenVINOInferenceCalculatorOptions]: {
          tag_to_input_tensor_names {
            key: "TENSORS"
            value: "input_1"
          }
          tag_to_output_tensor_names {
            key: "TENSORS"
            value: "output_crop"
          }
        }
  }
}
```
In `OpenVINOModelServerSessionCalculator` we set `servable_name` with the model's name we found earlier. In `OpenVINOInferenceCalculator` we set input & output tags names to start with `TENSORS`. We then need to map out those tags to actual model names in `mediapipe.OpenVINOInferenceCalculatorOptions` `tag_to_input_tensor_names` and `tag_to_output_tensor_names` fields.

> ### 3. Add information about input/output tensors ordering.

Author: ```suggestion
#### 2.1. Add information about input/output tensors ordering.
```

This step may be required if model has multiple inputs or outputs. If input/output packet types are vector of some type - we must figure out the correct ordering of tensors - expected by the graph. Assuming that model produces several outputs we may need to add following section to `OpenVINOInferenceCalculatorOptions`:
```
output_order_list: ["Identity","Identity_1","Identity_2","Identity_3"]
```
In case of multiple inputs, we must do similar steps, and add:
```
input_order_list: ["Identity","Identity_1","Identity_2","Identity_3"]
```

> ### 4. Adjust graph input/output streams

Author: ```suggestion
### 3. Adjust graph input/output streams
```

> This step may be required if you plan to use graph in deployed OVMS and existing graph does not have supported input/output packet types. Check for supported packet types in OVMS [here](./mediapipe.md).

Author: ```suggestion
This step is required if you plan to deploy the graph in OpenVINO Model Server and existing graph does not have supported input/output packet types. Check for supported input and output packet types [here](./mediapipe.md).
```

> In that cases you may need to add converter calculators as it was done f.e. [here](https://github.com/openvinotoolkit/model_server/blob/main/demos/mediapipe/object_detection/graph.pbtxt#L31). You may also need to write your own conversion calculator.

Author: ```suggestion
In that cases you may need to add converter calculators as it was done [here](https://github.com/openvinotoolkit/model_server/blob/main/demos/mediapipe/object_detection/graph.pbtxt#L31).
```

> ### 5. Use config,json file in calculator

Author: ```suggestion
### 4. Set the config.json file path in the session calculator
```

This step is required if you plan to use graph within existing application. You need to fill `server_config` field in `OpenVINOModelServerSessionCalculatorOptions` to pass full file path to configuration file like:
```
node {
  calculator: "OpenVINOModelServerSessionCalculator"
  output_side_packet: "SESSION:session"
  node_options: {
    [type.googleapis.com / mediapipe.OpenVINOModelServerSessionCalculatorOptions]: {
      servable_name: "hand_recrop"
      servable_version: "1"
      server_config: "/servables/config.json"
    }
  }
}
```

> 

Author: ```suggestion
---

```

> Now you can serve graph with OVMS or build your application with OpenVINO calculators with instructions provided [here](TODO).

Author: ```suggestion
```
